feature/auth interface refactor (#620)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-java: README.md

An instance of the **GraphServiceClient** class handles building requests, sending them to the Microsoft Graph API, and processing the responses. To create a new instance of this class, you need to provide an instance of `IAuthenticationProvider`, which can authenticate requests to Microsoft Graph.

> For an example of how to get an authentication provider, see [the samples](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-java-core/blob/master/samples).

Author: ```suggestion
For an example of how to get an authentication provider, see [choose a Microsoft Graph authentication provider](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/sdks/choose-authentication-providers?tabs=Java).
```
